151 - Add definitions of privileges and permissions (#179)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/p.adoc

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[permission]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] permission (noun)

> *Description*: A "permission" is a property of an object. The term is usually used in the context of filesystems and their objects, such as files and directories.

Reviewer: @bergerhoffer What's the decision for definitions? I recall that you suggested quotation marks and italics, but not sure if it was decided using this format.

Author: The quotation marks are consistent with other entries currently in the SSG. Marking this comment as resolved (for now)

> *Description*: A "permission" is a property of an object. The term is usually used in the context of filesystems and their objects, such as files and directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A "permission" is a property of an object. The term is usually used in the context of file systems and their objects, such as files and directories.
```

> Permissions for an object determine what specific agents, such as a user group, are allowed to access the object and what they can do to that object, such as read, write, or modify it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Permissions for an object determine which agents, such as a user group, are allowed to access the object and what they can do to that object, such as read, write, or modify it.
```

Author: changed per your suggestion.

> Permissions for an object determine what specific agents, such as a user group, are permitted to access the object and what they can do to that object, such as read, write, or modify it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions for an object determine what specific agents, such as a user group, are allowed to access the object and what they can do to that object, such as read, write, or modify it.
```

Author: Updated to "allowed"

> When combined with privileges, permissions define a user's overall access to a system and what the system allows the user to do.

Author: Can you suggest a revision to account for these cases? Thx.

> When combined with privileges, permissions define a user's overall access to a system and what the system allows the user to do.

Author: @porueesq I revised it to read `When combined with privileges, permissions define a user's or resource's overall access to a system and what the system allows the user or resource to do.`

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[privilege]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] permission (noun)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] privilege (noun)
```

Author: fixed. Good catch!

> *Description*: A "privilege" is a right granted to an agent to perform actions only available to agents configured with that privilege. A user is one example of an agent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: A "privilege" is a right granted to an agent to perform certain restricted actions. A user is one example of an agent.
```

Reviewer 3: @bburt-rh Rewrote to avoid reusing the defined term in the definition.

Author: fixed per your suggestion

> *Description*: A "privilege" is a property of an agent, such as a user, that allows the agent to perform actions that are not allowed to agents who have not been granted the privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*:  A "privilege" is a right granted to an agent to perform actions only available to agents configured with said privilege. An example of agent is a user.
```

> "Privilege" generally refers to an interaction of an agent with the system or with an application rather than with a filesystem and its objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Privilege" generally refers to an interaction of an agent with the system or with an application rather than with a file system and its objects.
```
